Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[wind howling]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[bird chirping]
[music playing on radio]
- God it'’s hot out here!
I don'’t get how your
brother can stand it.
- You would if you survived
just one Buffalo winter.
- I'’d rather be in the snow.
At least there'’s no snakes.
- Yeah well. I'’d rather face
a rattler than a polar bear.
- You didn'’t grow up
around polar bears!
- How do you know?
- Whoa.
hang on there little lady.
- See?
She knows her Daddy isn'’t lying.
- She'’s already
taking your side.
- Get used to it.
- I really don'’t feel right
about not bringing
anything to this party.
- I asked.
but Chuck and Michelle insisted.
Something about wanting to
do this in the baby's honor.
He'’s excited
about being an uncle
and he really wants us to
meet his new desert friends.
[radio music continues]
- Do I look okay?
- As beautiful as ever.
- I'’m so fat right now.
- You'’re not fat.
you're pregnant.
You can blame me for that.
- I do every day.
- Perfect.
[smooch]
[eerie music]
[door thuds]
- Whoa!
I didn'’t see you there!
- This is Chuck'’s house. right?
- Yes.
- Is he inside?
- You can go and see.
- Thanks.
Chuck? We'’re here!
Chuck?!
- I don'’t see anyone out back.
[door thuds]
- Down the hall.
After you.
- What'’s going on?
- Wait right here.
[muffled grunting]
My god. Michelle. are you okay?
[Lily screaming]
Lily!
- Stay here.
You don'’t want to see this.
From now on.
she'’ll be with Orobas.
- Move. bitch!
[thud]
[eerie piano music]
[camera whirring]
- [muffled grunting]
[muffled screams]
- Tonight the unholy deity
has delivered us
the gift of a perfect sacrifice.
- [whimpering]
- We are not only granted
with the flesh of this family.
but also with the purity
of the unborn.
- [whimpering]
- From blood we arrive.
and from blood we depart.
Her body is now our temple
and we shall now bathe in
this most gracious offering
in honor of the
underworld's Great Prince.
- [muffled grunting]
- We do this in name of Orobas.
all knowing and exalted ruler
of twenty armies.
so that He may
bring forth his legions
and rule back the world
that was once his dominion.
- [muffled grunting]
- May this humble blade
summon the darkness
we so dearly desire.
- [muffled grunting]
- [muffled screaming]
- [screaming]
[camera whirring]
[screaming continues]
[baby crying]
- May this baby girl bestow
the power of Orobas upon us.
[baby crying]
- [muffled whimpering]
- Your soul is His now.
- [thud]
- [grunts]
[coughing]
[distant police sirens]
- [coughing]
[spits]
[bottles clinking]
[record crackling]
["You May Want To Stay"
by Bonnie "Prince" Billy]
♪♪
[fire crackling]
[distant music playing]
- [laughing]
- Pete! Are you seriously
trying to give us cancer?
- Come on. man.
that smells horrible.
- Dude. who cares?
- Shit!
- That reminds me of last night.
- Except it was
a much smaller load.
- Oh...
- Guys. I don'’t need to hear
the details of your sex life.
- You'’ll hear the
details later either way.
- Damn right.
- I'’m keeping my tent
far from yours.
- Aw. you don'’t wanna join
ours tonight. George?
- The last thing I wanna see
is Pete'’s balls again.
- Wait. there was a first time?
- Unfortunately. yes.
- Please. do tell.
- When we were on swim team
Pete would sit next to you.
pull his shorts aside.
tell you he sat in gum
to make you look.
[all laugh]
[gun shot]
- This is private property.
It's time to go.
- What the fuck. man?
Why'’d you do that?
My ears are ringing!
- That was just a warning shot.
You're trespassing.
Beat it.
- We didn't see any signs.
There'’s no fences anywhere.
If this is your land
then prove it. asshole.
- Here's your proof.
- Oh. what you'’re just
gonna shoot us now?
- Come on. Pete. let'’s just go.
- No. fuck this guy!
Thinks he can
boss everyone around.
What?
Nothing to say. huh. tough guy?
Ow!
Fuck you. man!
- Hey! You can'’t just go around
hitting people. asshole.
Who the fuck
do you think you are?
- Yeah. you'’re fucked. man.
My dad'’s a lawyer.
he's gonna sue your hippie ass.
- I own all this land.
And I'’ve had enough of you
little punks coming through
and trashing the place.
- Do you think
we're the only people
on this god forsaken planet?!
We didn'’t do anything!
So you just can'’t just go around
blaming people for shit
and pointing guns at them.
- Guys! Shut up!
Listen Mister. we'’ll go.
- No way!
What right does he have--
- Pete! Please!
Listen man. we'’re sorry.
- Don'’t apologize
to this asshole.
- Get your shit and go!
- I picked the spot.
I thought
it was just open desert.
We'’ll pick up our shit
and get out of here.
Do you want me to kill the fire?
- Go.
- Fuck you. man.
- Pete! C'mon!
Please. is there anywhere
around here we can camp?
- Go home.
There'’s too many
weirdos out here.
- Yeah. like you?
You desert freak fucking loser.
- I said get moving.
- We'’re bailing man.
No worries.
- Don'’t come back.
- Nice to meet ya.
you petrified bag of shit!
- Enough!
- You have some real
anger issues. fuck face.
- Dude. what the fuck?
He's got a fucking gun!
What about over there?
- Too rocky.
- That'’s the fourth place
you guys have turned down
and we'’re getting further
and further from the car.
Where do you want to go then?
- I don't know. George.
You tell me.
You'’re the one who
told that fucker we'’d leave.
- Yeah. you caved to
that asshole so fast.
We could'’ve taken him.
- Fuck you both.
I'’m not about to argue
with some trigger happy local.
[gun clicking]
- Hold up.
What the fuck is that?
- Shut up for a second!
- I don'’t know about this. guys.
What in the fuck are they doing?
- It looks like some
new agey Wiccan shit.
- Whoa.
looks like my kind of party!
Let'’s go!
- Wait. you perv.
What do you think. George?
- I could use a break
from lugging this shit
around in the dark.
- Yeah. come on.
Let'’s check out the freak show!
- Hey guys!
We'’re out here
camping tonight too.
and wondering if we could
maybe join you for a while.
- What are you doing?
Get out of here!
- Mason. Mason. we shouldn'’t be
so unfriendly to our guests.
Come join us. Please.
- It'’s okay. We can go.
- No. no. please.
Forgive brother Mason here.
He can be quite
abrasive at times.
but no. he means no harm.
Come. have a seat
next to our fire.
You must be cold.
- I'’m warming up already.
- So what are you all
doing out here?
Some sort of nature worship?
- You could say that.
- Call it a warm up
before the main attraction.
Where did you say
you were camping tonight?
- We didn'’t say.
- We had a spot over that way
but some creep came in
and chased us out.
He came out with
a shot gun.
- A shotgun?
Well. we despise guns.
[spits]
If you'’re going to kill.
do it up close and personal.
Or don'’t do it at all.
Don't you agree?
- Uh. yeah. Sounds reasonable.
- You guys don'’t look
like you'’re camping.
- And why do you say that?
- Where'’s your gear?
- We already have
everything we need.
Is it just the three
of you tonight?
Mm. how quaint.
A handsome young trio
creepy crawling the desert.
disturbing not only
gun-toting locals
but powerful
necromancers as well.
- Yeah. That'’s. um. us.
- Yeah. We were kinda
hoping you guys had beers.
- Such worldly intoxicants
pale in comparison
to the highs
we achieve naturally.
Breathe in the air.
witness the stars aligning.
- Pete!
- That'’s enough for you tonight.
- Come on. baby.
The night'’s still young.
We got plenty of time.
- Not for you.
Swine!
Filthy pig!
My altar is sacred.
not for your pleasures
but for the assumption
of a deity!
- What the hell. lady? Relax.
You were practically throwing
your witchy vag at me
a second ago.
- Like pigs. you gorge on
the filth that infects you.
I see the mirage
of your entitlement.
But between your
sorry skin and bones
rests an empty vessel for the
magnificent curios we conjure.
- What the fuck
are you talking about. lady?
- Are you one of them.
the pathetic hoard
who waste their lives
simply waiting to die?
Or are you ready to discover
your true purpose?
I asked. are you ready?
- Ready for what?
- Have you ever wanted
to be immortal?
- I don't know.
I'’ve never really
thought about it.
- Ready or not.
your offering will bring forth
the coming of the Great Prince.
- Man. fuck this shit yo!
Let's go.
- [Kiera screams]
- [screaming]
- [laughing]
- Steady. my brethren.
I want to enjoy this
euphoric moment.
- Please let me go.
I won'’t say anything to anyone!
- There'’s nothing
for you to say.
- Why are you doing this?
- Some events are not meant
for your kind to understand.
Tonight you shall transcend
this meaningless realm.
You're welcome.
- Please.
I just want to go home!
I just want to go...
[muffled screaming]
- Let me go you fucking psychos!
[screams]
- Where'’s the girl?
- Fuck!
- I think I know where
she went. Priestess.
[laughs]
- [crying]
- Hey. little buddy.
Bedtime.
- [crying]
- Marlon. you can'’t be
hungry this late.
- [crying contiues]
Ok. just a little bit.
[knocking on door]
Nobody'’s home!
You again!
I got deeds to all this land.
Go ahead. Sue me.
- Please! Mister!
Please! I need help!
- Move your foot.
I don'’t care who your
son-of-a-bitch boyfriend knows.
Get the hell outta here.
- Please. mister. help me!
Don'’t leave me out here!
They tried to kill me!
- Well you deserved it.
Take your business elsewhere.
You want me to get my gun again?
- No! I'’ll die out here!
Please! Please!
Just let me use your phone!
- Are you deaf or crazy?
You think I'm falling
for this bullshit?
Move your foot
before I break it off!
- No! No!
[screams in pain]
- For Christ's sake. lady!
[door thuds]
Oh shit.
- Please. call the police!
They'’re still out there!
- You must have really pissed
off your fuck faced boyfriends.
- No. we were attacked!
- What? By who?
- By these freaks in the desert!
We were looking for
another place to camp.
- They stabbed you?
- Yes. genius.
[screams]
- Here.
- What am I
supposed to do with this?
- Wrap yourself.
It'’ll slow the bleeding.
- [screams in pain]
[panting]
- I don'’t need this hassle.
You gotta get
out of here right now.
- I'’m sorry to disturb your
perfect fucking evening.
Where would you like me to go?
- You could go anywhere
but here.
- Fine. then at least let me
at least use your phone
to call the police.
- I don'’t have a phone.
- What do you mean
you don'’t have a phone?!
- Just what I said.
I don'’t talk to anybody
and that's the way I like it.
- Great.
So you'’re like the last
person on this fucking planet
who doesn't have a phone?
People in jungle shacks
have phones and you don'’t?
- So where'’s yours. lady?
- I lost it while running here!
Look man. this is the
last place I want to be.
but I obviously need a hospital.
- Alright.
There'’s a clinic about
10 miles up the interstate.
I'll take you there.
- I don'’t think I can get up.
Help me.
[screaming in pain]
You have any painkillers
or something?
- No.
- C'mon on. man.
You live all the way out here
in the middle of bum fuck
and you don'’t have any drugs?!
- Yes. I mean no.
- I hate my life...
- Drink that.
- What is this?
- Does it matter?
- [coughing]
What the fuck is that?
- It's mead.
It's wine made from honey and--
- I know what mead is.
But that'’s shit mead.
- It needs some work. I guess.
- No shit.
God. that'’s strong
and disgusting!
- Fine.
- No. Wait. give me some more.
[retching]
- Whenever you're finished
drinking my shitty mead.
you gotta get out of here.
C'mon. Let's go.
- [groaning]
Wait.
What if they'’re out there?
[bottles clinking]
[distant chanting]
Do you hear that?
That'’s them.
[chanting continues]
[screams]
Oh my god!
- Is that them?
- What do you think?!
What are they doing?
- I can'’t see 'em.
But we're OK.
Doors. windows
double locked and barred.
We're good.
- Great. So we're
basically trapped in here.
You know we're have to get
out of here eventually. right?
- Yeah. No shit.
What do they want?
- I don'’t know. man.
To finish the job?
- Why the hell
did you come here?
- What else is around here?
I didn'’t know
this was your house!
- Do you know how many
of them are there?
- I don't know. man.
Five or six maybe?
- Did you see any guns?
- No. They don't have any.
Their queen bitch hates them.
Hey. Hey. where'’s your gun?
- In the shed.
- What do you mean
it's in the shed?
- Trust me.
It'’s better out there.
- Better how?
Not only are you the last person
on Earth without a fucking phone
but you also keep
your guns in the shed.
What kind of home
security is that?
What the fuck is your problem?
- I keep it out there
so I don'’t use it
on myself in here.
If we can hold on for
a couple hours
maybe they'll scatter
in the morning.
We got six hours 'till sunrise.
- Great. I could die by then.
- You'’ve made it this far.
- And?
- Like I said.
iron bars. metal screens.
They ain't getting in here.
- Are you sure about that?
I still need a hospital.
[flares crackling]
- Good evening. friends!
It seems we'’ve gotten off
on the wrong foot.
- Tell that to the cops!
- Do as I ask and you can
tell them yourselves.
- What in the hell do you want?!
- We could start with her first.
Time is on our side.
and the longer this takes.
the worse it will be
for you both.
Open the door now and we
promise to show you mercy.
- If you don'’t get off
my land right now
I'’m gonna murder
every single one of you!
- I sincerely doubt that.
As you can see.
we have you surrounded.
- Take your boys go get fucked.
- In due time.
But first.
let'’s have some fun. shall we?
You have walls
and bars to protect you.
but we have the advantage.
- Let's smoke 'em out.
- Patience. Earl.
They'’ll come to us
when we need them.
- Fuck.
- I changed my mind.
You're not gonna
last long like that.
- What can we do?
What am I supposed
to do with that?
- You're gonna staple
the skin back together
and then glue
the hell out of it.
- Are you fucking serious?!
I need a doctor!
- What you need to do
is close the wound
and stop that bleeding.
Cause I'’m tired of
cleaning up all the blood.
- I'm not putting this
toxic shit on my skin!
- Last summer I sealed
a giant gash on my leg with it.
I'm still here.
[stapler clicks]
That'’s a good stapler.
- I can'’t do this.
I can'’t squeeze it
at this angle.
Can you help me?
Or do you want me to keep
bleeding all over the place?
- Fine.
Oh...
You think it hit any organs?
- I don'’t know. man.
I'’m still breathing.
- Stay still.
- [screaming]
- Scream into this.
- [stapler clicks]
- [screams]
Wait. Wait Hold on.
Okay. Let'’s go.
- [stapler clicks]
- [screams]
- How is it doing?
- The glue isn'’t holding well.
What. are you scared
of a little blood?
You are!
- I'’ve just seen too much of it.
- No. I get it.
Even in this mess you got
a total OCD thing going on.
- Hold still.
Blow on it.
[blowing]
[distant chanting]
- What is it?
- Those freaks started a fire.
What are they?
Devil worshippers or witches?
- Does it look like I
would know the difference?
I don't know.
But that's the same shit
they were doing earlier.
- I thought I'd
seen it all out here.
I guess you never know.
- I'’m still bleeding.
- You gotta stop moving.
- We did it your way
but I still need a doctor.
- I know.
- They'’re together.
You should get your shotgun.
- I'’m gonna need your help.
- I'm here.
- Good.
'Cause I'’m done
with these assholes.
- Same.
[humming and chanting]
- [breathing heavily]
- I need you to keep an eye out.
If any of them
come near me or the house.
don'’t yell.
Blow on this.
And if things go south.
the only weapons in the house
are the knives in this drawer.
When I get outside.
I gotta unscrew the security
bulb before it goes off.
I think I can hug the wall
and get it.
Don'’t lock the door
until you know I'’m safe.
- Got it.
- Be ready to let me back in.
- Okay.
[humming and chanting]
[stick breaks]
[wind howling]
[tense music]
[distant whistling]
- What?
You gonna shoot us old man?
[grunts]
- Keep fucking with me
and find out!
- [glass shatters]
- [screams]
- Come here you little bitch!
- [thudding]
- [screaming]
[thud]
- He'’s back here!
- I see him!
- Ow! Mother fucker!
Hey! It's me!
Open the door!
Hey!
Open the damn door!
- We got you. fucker!
[camera beeps]
[Kiera screaming]
[thudding]
- Pst.
[thud]
One more step.
I fucking dare you.
- We'’re cool. man.
We just want the girl.
- You ain'’t getting her.
- Oh. we will.
Pew! Pew!
- [war cry]
[gun shot]
- Open the fucking door!
Are you alright?
- That fucker grabbed me.
but I'’m okay.
We have a gun now. assholes!
- Oh. they know.
I shot one of them.
- Is he dead?
- I don't think so.
That's all I could get.
Plus one in the chamber.
- We're gonna need
more than that.
- It'’ll get us to the truck.
- [groaning in pain]
- What happened?
- I tangled with
a bunch of pricks.
- You can'’t do anything
with those in your hand.
Let me see.
I just realized
I don'’t know your name.
- Reed.
- Kiera.
One more.
- Thank you. Kiera.
Can you run?
- I think so.
- I think they got the hint.
It's time to move.
We'’ll go at your pace
back to the truck.
I'’ll cover you.
Stay low and keep quiet.
- Got it.
- Let's go.
Take it.
[ignition clicks]
You piece of junk.
- What's wrong?
- C'mon.
They fucked it up good.
We gotta go back in.
[knife clinks]
- Looking for something?
You'’re not going
anywhere tonight.
- Shoot her!
- It's only bird shot.
She's out of range!
Give it to me.
- Why should I give it to you?
- Maybe I'’ll let you live.
You can stay.
but we're leaving.
- But where will you go?
- Away from you.
- I'm afraid that's not quite
how this evening pans out.
- I'’d advise you
not to get any closer.
- We have such
grand plans for you both.
We can'’t spoil that
by leaving now. can we?
You will both serve well
in our celebration of Orobas!
Mars has risen high
on this very night
and virility courses through
the men who have been graced.
- What in the name of hell
is she talking about?
- Don'’t you know. brother?
Can't you feel it?
The ancient celestials
have aligned
and our union shall spawn
forth His infernal destiny.
Come. let me show you what
generosity Orobas holds for you.
We shall serve together
as generals in his armies.
- [screams]
[gun shot]
Stay the fuck back!
Reed! C'mon get up!
Let'’s go! Get up!
[screams]
Who'’s fucking next?!
Holy shit.
- Nice shot.
- Thanks.
[banging on door]
- Fuck off
or it's your funeral. too!
- You will pay for that.
I promise you.
- Well at least there'’s
one less of 'em.
Hey. what'’s up?
- I'’ve never shot anyone before.
- We got two shells left.
We'll save those
for the biggest guys.
- The bitch is mine.
- They'’re not going anywhere.
even if we wait it out
'till sunrise.
- But wouldn'’t people
see from the road?
- Nobody comes down
that road but me.
That'’s why I live here.
- But don'’t you have neighbors?
- This is the only occupied
house around for miles.
The rest are just winter homes.
- I know you must be tripping
with all that blood.
- Yell if you hear anything.
And pop the safety over
if you need to use it.
- Been there. done that.
- Anything?
- Nothing.
So I assume there'’s no way
of fixing the truck?
- Not unless you have
a spare distributor cap.
Where'’s the vehicle
you drove here in?
- It'’s on a dirt road somewhere.
- Where?
- I don'’t know.
- You guys were hanging out
just east of my place.
The road is south.
Which direction did you
drive here to get there?
- Left. right?
I don'’t know.
We smoked a lot of weed today.
- Figures.
- Either way.
I don't have the keys.
- Who does?
- You mean who did?
George had them.
Or maybe Pete. I don't know.
It's wherever they left them
after they attacked us.
- You remember where that was?
- Wherever their bonfire was.
I don't fucking know.
But I did come up from
the front of your house.
- Okay. that'’s a start.
That's from the south.
If you can hold on
for just a few more hours.
'til sunrise.
we can take the shotgun
and go there and get the keys.
What's wrong?
- I'm fine.
So what'’s your deal. Reed?
- What do you mean.
what's my deal?
- Why do you live out here
surrounded by nothing?
- Why did you come to my house
and fuck my life up?
- Survival!
Do you have a family?
- Not any more.
- What?
- They're all dead.
- Sorry. That sucks.
- So how long were
you guys out there camping?
- We just got here today.
We were supposed to stay
through the weekend.
- I'm sorry about your friends.
- Are you just saying that
because that'’s what people say?
- Yeah. I guess so.
- I figured.
- I actually mean it.
- You know. I had
a bad feeling about this trip.
I was planning on breaking up
with Pete when we got back home.
He had no idea.
But I'’d been wanting out
for a long time.
But you know how it is
when you'’re in a relationship.
- No. I don'’t.
- What? You'’ve never
been in a relationship?
- Nothing longer than a night.
- That'’s wild.
- That was over
twenty years ago.
- And that explains why
you'’re pissed off all the time.
- [chuckles]
You're lucky you
caught me on a good day.
So where'’s your family?
- My mom'’s in Florida
taking care of my son.
- Wait. you got a kid?
- I do.
He's four years old.
His name'’s Roger
but I call him Buzz.
I'’d show you a picture but...
I don'’t have my phone.
- You have a four year old?
You're just a kid yourself.
- I need to get home.
- Let me show you something.
Can you get up?
- Yeah. I think so.
- This is Marlon.
- Oh my gosh. he'’s adorable.
- Well rise and shine.
little buddy.
Say hi to Kiera.
- Hi. Marlon.
- He'’s all I got.
If I don'’t make it out of here.
please take care of him for me.
- Okay. Of course.
What does he eat?
- Bloodworms.
And the occasional guppy.
Go back to bed. little bud.
- I'’m sorry.
I'’m sorry that my friends
chose your place to camp.
I'm sorry I brought those crazy
fucks back to your place.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for everything.
- It'’s not your fault.
Please.
I need you to keep it together.
- I had family.
I had friends.
- You still have friends.
- What about your parents. Reed?
[bang]
- Go in the bed room. Hide.
- [thud]
- [groaning]
- Are you ready for us.
sweet doe?
I'’m right here.
I always will be.
Kiera!
- [gasping]
[glass shattering]
[items crashing]
On your feet!
- Or what?
You gonna shoot me?
- No. I'm gonna walk out front
and shoot your
den mother in the gut.
and make you
watch her bleed out.
Hurry up. mother fucker!
- Oh. shit.
You alright?
- I'’m here.
- [window breaks]
Go check it out!
Holler if you need me.
Now turn around.
March!
- [groans in pain]
I'm gonna rape
your mother for that!
- Listen up. freaks!
Go back to where
you came from before
I blow his dog shit brains
all over this yard.
- No need for any
more of that. brother.
- You have sixty seconds!
- Set Brother Earl free.
He is required for the ceremony.
Spare him
and you'’ll live forever.
- Forty-five seconds!
- You know we're not leaving.
- They're really showing
how much they care about you.
How's that feel tough guy?
- [grunting in effort]
- I'm gonna put you
in your grave!
[gun shot]
- You may not live
to regret that. brother!
- Take the rest of your creeps
and fuck off
or I swear you're next.
- You people and your guns.
You have no idea what it means
to take a life
with intimacy and meaning.
[gun shot]
[Kiera grunting]
- Back off inbred!
- He was cutting the bars
with a hacksaw.
- You holding up?
- I'’m here.
What was that gunshot?
- RIP another scumbag.
- Nice.
What happened?!
- Fucker got me with a crowbar.
- Let me see.
It looks like it'’s
your turn for the stapler.
- We'’re running out of time.
- They'’ll come out soon.
I can feel it.
- We'll burn them out
if they don'’t.
- I don'’t think we should
stick around here any longer.
- I thought we were
waiting for daylight.
- Yeah well.
we're out of shells
and outnumbered.
We'’re sitting in a death trap.
- Shit. your arm is
really fucked. isn'’t it.
- It'’s fine. It's good.
- Grab that cup then.
Look. Reed.
if your arm isn'’t working.
I need to know.
We'’re in this together.
- My hand's gone numb.
- Let me see.
Can you feel this?
Can you at least move it?
Alright. that'’s a start.
[dramatic music]
Reed.
The car keys!
- Remember where you parked?
- I don'’t!
It was too dark.
- C'mon think. Think. Think.
Remember.
Where did you park?
- I'’m trying! I'm trying.
Wait. there was this beat up
couch on the side of the road.
- The one with
the peace sign on it?
- Yes!
- I know where that is.
- OK. but what about the rest
of the maniacs out there?
- It'’s only a matter of time
before they get in here
and kill us.
- Alright. You got a plan?
- Yes. But first I'’ll need
your help with something.
- I'm here.
- Hey. little buddy.
Yeah.
I'’ll be back soon.
Don'’t you worry.
Maybe they don'’t know
we'’re out of shells.
So act like you'’re not.
- Okay.
- When you head out
the back door.
run straight into the desert.
About three hundred yards
you'll come to an old well.
If they make it and I don't.
keep running in that direction.
You're gonna find
the couch and your car.
- Wait. what'’s going on?
- I'’m heading up to the roof.
I'm gonna divert them all
to the front of the house.
Once you see them there
head out the back door.
but leave it open.
To lure them in.
- No. no. we'’re in this
together. we leave together.
- You'’re in bad shape.
If you can just get
past the house lights
and into the darkness.
they won'’t see you.
And I can distract them long
enough to give you some time.
Just get to your car.
- I'’m not leaving you.
- Do you want to see
your son again?
I'’ll be right behind you.
Attention you assholes.
We'’re injured.
We're not gonna
make it through the night.
We need to get to a hospital.
- We can help you with that.
- How do we end this?
- Come down
and join our reveling.
- Not until I know that
the girl won'’t be harmed.
- How noble of you.
- Where is she?
- She's in the bedroom.
- Interesting.
- Passed out from loss of blood.
- I want to see her.
- Not until I know
what you want with us.
- We'’re running short on time.
brother.
Come down. partake with us.
and then we'’ll
explain everything
on the way to the hospital.
- Where'’s your vehicle?
- It'’s far away.
- Get it.
- Your demands
exhaust my patience.
Priestess!
- The back door is open!
- She'’s not there. is she?
- [panting]
[plate shatters]
- For fuck's sake?
You and that camera.
- C'mon man. it's tradition.
- I've told you before.
Get it outta my face
or I'm gonna bust it
over your head.
Find them!
[crashing]
- [panting]
[crying]
[smashing]
- Say cheese!
- Surprise fuck face!
[grunts]
[thudding]
- [primal scream]
- [war cry]
- Bring it on. you fucking cunt!
- Get down there!
[sinister laugh]
- [screaming]
[thud]
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
[bottles clinking]
- Kiera.
Why'’d you come back?
- I don'’t feel so good.
- You don'’t look so good.
- Excellent!
You're awake
and can finally commence!
Did you dream well. brother?
- What the fuck do you want?
- Isn'’t it curious how some
questions reveal their answers?
- [Kiera screaming]
- You can and kill
me all you want.
Just let her go.
- Nobility is a trait
very much lacking
among the subhumans
of this realm.
so your gesture is unexpected.
But unfortunately.
you are both
very much needed tonight.
- Lady what you need
is professional help.
- You really don'’t understand
why you're here. do you?
The ancients
they knew the importance
of building strength
through lineage.
Like the deitiesIsis isis
and Osiris.
the Pharaohs often mated
with their first degrees.
Through these magical couplings
their dynasties gained strength.
And under the alignment
of certain stars
these intertwined offspring
could be made
even more powerful.
And on rare occasions
like tonight.
they could even
bring forth the gods
they worshiped in human form.
- What kind of fucking
drugs are you guys on?
- Orobas shall return
and take his rightful place
as ruler of this domain.
and we have been chosen
as the ones who bring him forth.
I need your river of life.
- River of what?
- Your river of life.
The seed that Enki
implanted into Ninhursag
to make her bare Ninsar.
Let it flow into me.
- Somebody please tell me what
the fuck she's talking about?
- She wants you to fuck her.
Reed.
- Exactly. my sweet doe.
You need to fuck
a child into me.
Is that clear enough for you?
- No. no.
No. get one of your brain dead
goons for that kinky shit.
- They'’re not special like you.
Not like you at all.
You have been touched
by the spirit of Orobas as well
and. as such.
you must be the one
to ignite the spark within me.
On this night the prophecy
dictates the viability
of our union and the health
of our spawn is assured.
- I'm nobody.
Please leave me alone.
- In due time. Just cooperate.
- Go fuck yourself.
- Since you'’re a man that needs
a little encouragement.
your little friend here
is my bargaining chip.
Your performance for her life.
- You sick freak!
- Shame.
I was hoping you'’d
find me enchanting.
- I find you repulsive.
- I don'’t know if I should be
flattered or offended.
- What you should be is dead.
[laughs]
- Why do you
have to make this...
...so hard?
- Get off me.
- The longer you resist.
the more pain we will inflict.
Your agony will pale
in comparison to hers.
Shall we continue?
- Die!
I'd rather die than fuck you.
- Sister Maxine?
- [sinister laugh]
- [Kiera crying]
- You gonna die.
- Wait. Wait.
- [gun shot]
- [screaming]
- Wait! Stop!
I'’ll do it!
- [crying]
- Let'’s begin.
- If I do this.
will you let her live?
- You have my word.
- Let'’s go.
- I thought you'’d never ask.
[thud]
[horns sounding]
- I can't do it
in front of these creeps.
- They are essential
for the ceremony.
No ceremony. no magic.
Don'’t worry. just focus on us.
Dearest Reed.
it is time for you
to learn who you really are.
Let go...
Many years ago.
under a full moon like tonight.
I was born into the arms of
the ancient demon Orobas.
My parents gave their lives
so I could take my place
as high priestess
of the dark arts.
My mother was the most
beautiful woman on Earth.
but she harbored
a secret my father didn'’t know.
nor did my brethren until later.
A secret we have
sought my entire life.
I had a twin brother.
And we have finally found him.
It was such a shame
that you and I
didn'’t get to
grow up together.
But now we'’re forever
united in creating the vessel
through which Orobas
will take human form.
He shall rise again to
reclaim all that once was his.
How does it feel to
fuck your twin sister?
[moaning]
You'’ve done very well. brother.
Your virility has
matched your blood lust.
We have fulfilled our birthright
and our child
will rule this dimension
as destined by prophecy.
- I'’m sorry.
- Even though Sister Maxine
would prefer I not.
I shall spare your life.
- Will you please
fucking untie us now?
- Don't push it. sweet doe.
I only promised to let you live.
- Someday.
I'’m going to find him
and I'm gonna cut his
heart out while you watch.
- Eat shit. you fucking bitch!
[spits]
[screams]
- Hey. lover boy!
Look what I found!
This is for our fallen brothers.
- Don'’t you fucking do it!
- Onward. brethren.
We have much to do.
- Reed. Reed.
Come on. Lets go!
- It'’s not done.
- What do you mean?
- Marlon.
- I'’m sorry.
- Listen.
run to the road that way.
In a few hours.
you'’ll hit a gas station.
Get the fuck out of here.
I'’m killing every
goddamned one of them.
- Not without me.
- Are you sure you want
to leave them like that?
- The girl is ready to pass.
Starvation and dehydration
will get him eventually.
- I'm gonna go piss.
- Why'd you drink
that rancid shit?
- We lost brothers tonight.
- Hurry up.
We have a long walk
back to the van.
- [grunting in effort]
[thud]
- What was that?
- Claude fucking around.
as usual.
- Sister Maxine.
check on your son.
[thud]
[eerie music]
What is this?
[fighting grunts]
- [screams in pain]
[screaming]
- [grunting]
[thudding]
- [screaming]
- [war cry]
This all could have been
so much easier. my brother.
[thud]
- [war cry]
[crying]
[gun clicks]
["Runnin' Form The Coffin"
by Charles Cave]
♪♪